# Final-Project-CS506
Final Project in my CS506 Class at Boston University taking a look at Fashion Data across the United States and the United Kingdom and conducting analysis on past fashion trends based on many different attributes in order to make a prediction on the current/future fashion trends in these specific nations. Fashion trends will be defined as (primarily) the category, style attributes, color, season, and purchase history. The other attributes in the dataset will still be used but these will be looked at more closely. 
My goal for this project is to successfully predict the fashion trends of this year (2025-2026) using data from the previous year (2024). I will be using the dataset, Fahsion Dataset UK-US by Ani Milina from Kaggle (https://www.kaggle.com/code/donottalk/fashion-dataset-uk-us/notebook#Analysis-of-fashion-trends:). I will use logicistic regression and a random forest classifier to model the data since it can handle both numerical and categorical data which I may need for a dataset like this. I want to use bar plots, confusion matrix, correlation matrix, and a scatter plot. I will also add trendlines in order to have a better look at the change in fashion trends across the time provided in the dataset.
My game plan is to start looking at the data during this week of September and the last week of September and clean it, and organize it while looking at any potential issues or problems within the dataset for example, missing values, inconsistent labelling, or categorical variables needing encoding. And make sure I have all the columns I need or want. Then i plan on training and testing my data in October, then start visualizing in November. During the month of November I want to continue to visualize the data and begin writing up my findings so I don't have to do as much work in December. Towards the end of November I want to wrap up the project and have it ready for submission. 
